As a computer science and data science major, I know the value of being able to work with large sets of data. It can very quickly become difficult to manage and organize all the code, data and the process as a whole. While high-powered computing is very new to me, it has its appeal as an unexplored avenue towards handling so many different tasks I may come across. I also have lots of experience with AI and its fundamentals as well as applications. I am very curious as to how these two fields can come together to build powerful and efficient systems to solve a lot of the problems we all face today. 

When it comes to my goals for this course, the first thing that comes to mind is just understand what Supercomputing and HPCs are. I have a very limited understanding at the moment but what I do know is the potential it has to help me. My main goal is to understand the applications for supercomputing. I feel that this would allow me to blend supercomputing with my knowledge in AI and large amounts of data. 

For this semester I want to first ensure I have the basics down. I am looking to refresh my terminal and linux knowledge and make sure I set myself up to grow from that solid foundation. I am also looking to not just complete the assignments but also start some of my own projects. I want to build a strong base knowledge that I will always be comfortable coming back to. I believe that a lot the skills I learn in this class will be very applicable not just when it comes to supercomputing but many other aspects of CS and DS. I also find it very interesting that as the professor, you come from a science background. I would not consider myself a science person, but your perspectives will open a whole new world of real-world application for these computing capabilities. 

I think the folder structure that we use is very organized and easy to follow. It has a very understandable and uniform tree format. All the content is under Supercomputing, which, as the name of the class is very straightforward and clear. So far, we have a tab for all the assignments. This is also very difficult to mistake and will take you to all the assignments labeled in a uniform way from 1 to 8. Outside the assignments tab there is an opportunity to to make many other folders such as notes, lectures, examples, and projects. Each of these folders is clearly distinguishable from the others. It is also near identical to the other students in the class, making it very easy for anyone to come and understand where to go for what. 

Documented code is extremely important in all tasks you do. First off it is extremely important for you to understand exactly what your code is doing. Without any documentation code can get very messy and will lack order. This can get very confusing and is not good programming practice. Another reason for documentation, especially in computational research, is that other people will also be ready your work and your code. Without any documentation, it becomes extremely difficult for others to understand what is going on and get a good understanding of the program. Documentation also helps keep good program structure, which can help when verifying or expanding on the code. A greater understanding of the code is extremely important to reduce errors as well as make the code understandable and clear to everyone. 

I am excited to learn about Supercomputing and then use my knowledge to apply my skills in many different adjacent fields. And I think a deep understanding of the structure and process behind supercomputing will be very useful to me. 

